Add Module.md files to langlib modules (#17194)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: langlib/lang.table/src/main/ballerina/src/lang.table/Module.md

## Module Overview

> This module provide langLib functions which operate on Ballerina `table` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides lang library functions which operate on `table` values.
```
